[docs] - Updating doc related to issue 3014 (#3176)
redpanda-data/redpanda: docs/www/support.md

Make sure that the installed certificates haven't expired. If they have,
generate new ones and restart the node.

### Replication factor issues

> If you are setting up a [Setup a 3-node cluster](https://vectorized.io/docs/quick-start-docker#Set-up-a-3-node-cluster) and create a topic with 2 replicas like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are setting up a [Setup a 3-node cluster](https://vectorized.io/docs/quick-start-docker#Set-up-a-3-node-cluster) and create a topic with two replicas like the following, then the following command would fail because `redpanda` is using `Raft for concensus`:
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are setting up a [Setup a 3-node cluster](https://vectorized.io/docs/quick-start-docker#Set-up-a-3-node-cluster) and create a topic with two replicas like the following, then the following command would fail because `rpk` is using `Raft Consensus`:
```

Reviewer 2: Should we also add this link for Raft?

Reviewer: Good idea @Deflaimun

```bash
rpk topic create test -r 2 -p 1
TOPIC  STATUS
test   INVALID_REPLICATION_FACTOR: Replication factor is below 1 or larger than the number of available brokers.
```

> this command will fail as `redpanda` is using `Raft for concensus`. With 3 nodes the number of replicas must be equal to 3.

Reviewer 3: Well, the error message is misleading. Redpanda allows to create a topic with one replica by its design. Here's the result with v22.1.4.

```
daisuke@~/ $ rpk cluster info          
BROKERS
=======
ID    HOST     PORT
1*    0.0.0.0  9092
2     0.0.0.0  9093
3     0.0.0.0  9094

daisuke@~/ $ rpk topic create dice -r 1 -p 3
TOPIC  STATUS
dice   OK
daisuke@~/ $ rpk topic describe dice -p     
PARTITION  LEADER  REPLICAS  LOG-START-OFFSET  HIGH-WATERMARK
0          1       [1]       0                 0
1          2       [2]       0                 0
2          3       [3]       0                 0
```

In the mean time, a problem with 2 replicas is that odd number of replica is meaningless given the raft consensus algorithm. Rpk has an improvement in terms of error text in the dev branch, but it's not backported to any of released branch yet. Here's the new message in the latest rpk which is more accurate.

```
daisuke@~/ $ devrpk topic create dice2 -r 2 -p 3 
TOPIC  STATUS
dice2  INVALID_REPLICATION_FACTOR: replication factor must be odd
```

@r-vasquez @twmb , I believe we should backport the commit to the next release that should help the doc to be clearer.

> this command will fail as `redpanda` is using `Raft for concensus`. With 3 nodes the number of replicas must be equal to 3.

Reviewer 3: Oh, it was mentioned in the parent ticket, https://github.com/redpanda-data/redpanda/issues/3014
